Hi within this lecture re going to start writing our codes so that we can get the data to display to
the user and let me write down our steps that we have talked about regarding to learn a lot of new things
in the section so that in order not to get confused we are going to follow these steps.
First we're going to create a request and we're going to open a session which means we're going to go
to that to all that we have talked about.
Okay.
So we're going to go to this your URL.
And after going to this year I'll be going to get the data inside of that.
You're all right.
So does API will provide us with data and we're going to get this response after getting this response.
After getting this data we're going to have to process it.
It's called passing or Jason serialization.
OK.
So this is spelled like this Jason serialization and it means that processing the data in order to show
users that the data that we want.
For example we don't want anything besides the currencies that we have chosen.
Right.
So what are we going to do first in order to create this request and open a session.
We're going to create a euro.
So we have our you're right and we have this your all class you are I'll type in Swift.
So if you write your URL and open up parentheses it will ask you for some parameters.
And as you can see we have a lot of options in here.
Am looking for as simple strings so as you can see this is what I'm looking for because I already have
my Euro in a text format.
So if you come over your browser and if you copied this okay from your browser let me copy this and
then you're going to have to come to your X code and paste this as a string so that's it.
That's how you create a URL.
So make sure you put the string inside of quotation marks of course.
And then later on you going to have to create a session.
So in order to create a session we are going to use this year Alsatian class.
So as you can see this gets the data and manages transferring tasks from data in specified network and
that's exactly what we want.
If you say you URLs session and then dot shared.
OK.
This creates an instance of this your Alsatian class.
So this creates a singleton session which means that you get the same instance when you create this
class so that you won't get confused when you try to create more than mild one actually multiple requests.
OK.
We are going to be working with this only instance when we try to create sessions after creating this
object after creating this instance.
Actually we are going to start this task we are going to start the session by saying that data.
Task and will ask us for a year.
But I'm not going to do this on the same line.
OK.
Rather I'm going to create a variable called task and you're going to see what why I am doing this.
And after you create this task you can't drive this from the session variable that you have created
obviously that you can't come over here as a session that data task and will ask you for a your URL.
And we want the one with completion handler.
So what is this completion handler.
It's actually defined so what's going to happen once we start this task.
So we're going to give an input in here input being the URL that we have created.
OK.
And it will give us an output.
It will give me a data and a response or an error.
OK.
So I will keep track what's going on so that if I get an error like if I cannot reach to your I can
display it to the user if I get the data I can just process it and display to the user again.
So this completion handler actually is very good for me to implement.
So make sure you choose the one with the completion handler every going to use does a lot in the rest
of the sections as well.
Because after this section you're going to be dealing with this kind of situation constantly.
So in the you're out we can't just force our app design if we don't do this as you can see it gives
us an error because I'm certain right now that this is going to work.
And of course you can use if flat if you want if you hit enter on the completion block it will create
a closure for you.
So as you can see these are the outputs of our callback function.
Our completion block and in this block we can write whatever we want.
We can define what's going to happen after this task got executed.
So this structure is called closure.
So I'm going to give this some variable names like date our response on air.
You can choose your own variable name as well.
And for example I'm going to say if error is not nil and I'm going to display an alert message if the
error is not nearly in this case.
And again this structure is called closure and we re going to be using that from now on again.
So let me create my Elliot in here.
Remember we use UI Eliot's controller.
OK.
In order to achieve this and it will ask us for a title and a message and a smile and for a title I'm
going I'm going to go for error and the message of message will not be something constant.
I'm going to use this error message that comes from the output of this task.
And if you say that's localised description it will just create that description that the user can understand.
Like you have no connection or you can just try again later if you say dots here you can just go for
alert and remember we re going to have to create a button in order to close this down and for button
I'm going to use the default cycle and I don't need any handler in this button and I'm going to add
this button as an action to my Ellard and for the last time I'm going to present this.
But since we're in a closure we have to say s that's present.
Okay.
So self doubt presents I'm going to present the alert of course I want the animation as usual and the
completion will be nil and also if we don't have any error it means that I may have ADD dates I don't
have any error.
Okay.
And I believe I misspelled too.
Yep.
And since I don't have any error I can just check to see if data is nil or not.
And if data is not nil I can go ahead and process it to show to the user.
OK.
And in fact in this actually in this path I completed the first step.
So if data is not nil it means that I managed to get I managed to create the request and after this
I will get the response I will get the data and then later on I'm going to pass it.
I'm going to process it to show to the user.
OK.
So this is number one this is number two.
So that's it for right now we're going to stop here and within the next lecture regroup to continue
building our currency converter app.